Add a `double-click` callback to the `TouchArea` (#4060)
slint-ui/slint: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## [Unreleased]

### Slint Language

>  - The `double-clicked` callback in `TouchArea` is triggered when a `TouchArea`
>    is clicked twice in rapid succession.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added a `double-clicked` callback in `TouchArea`, which is triggered when a `TouchArea`
   is clicked twice in rapid succession.
```
